feat: add migrate CLI (#652)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/cli/index.md

- [:material-arrow-right: taipy version](version.md): Obtain the installed Taipy version using this command to keep
  track of the Taipy library's current release.

> - [:material-arrow-right: taipy migrate](migrate.md): This CLI allow for users for Taipy `version 2.0` and up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [:material-arrow-right: taipy migrate](migrate.md): This command allows users of Taipy `version 2.0` to migrate their Taipy entities to `version 3.0` when upgrading Taipy version.
```

Author: what about replacing 2.0 to 2.x ? To avoid the users mistaking that the command won't work for 2.1, 2.2, etc?

Reviewer: Yes, I agree. Good idea.

> - [:material-arrow-right: taipy migrate](migrate.md): This command allows users of Taipy `version 2.0` to migrate their Taipy entities to `version 3.0` when upgrading Taipy version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [:material-arrow-right: taipy migrate](migrate.md): This command allows users of Taipy
`version 2.x` to migrate their Taipy entities to `version 3.0` when upgrading Taipy version.
```
